# Release manifest for SkillsPlugin
data/System/SkillsAdminIntroduction.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/System/SkillsPlugin.txt 0664 Plugin Topic
data/System/SkillsBrowseAll.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/System/SkillsCreateNewCategory.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/System/SkillsCreateNewSkill.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/System/SkillsDeleteCategory.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/System/SkillsDeleteSkill.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/System/SkillsDisplayOnHomePage.txt 0664 Supplemental Documentation
data/System/SkillsEditMySkills.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/System/SkillsMoveSkill.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/System/SkillsRenameCategory.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/System/SkillsRenameSkill.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/System/SkillsSearch.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/System/SkillsSelectMySkills.txt 0664 UI Topic
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/SkillsPlugin.pm 0644 Plugin Module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/SkillsPlugin/Category.pm 0644 Plugin Module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/SkillsPlugin/Skill.pm 0644 Plugin Module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/SkillsPlugin/SkillsStore.pm 0644 Plugin Module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/SkillsPlugin/UserSkill.pm 0644 Plugin Module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/SkillsPlugin/UserSkills.pm 0644 Plugin Module
pub/System/SkillsPlugin/skills_screenshot_full.png 0644 Screenshot
pub/System/SkillsPlugin/skills_screenshot_search.png 0644 Screenshot
pub/System/SkillsPlugin/skills_screenshot_thumb.png 0644 Screenshot
pub/System/SkillsPlugin/style.css 0644 Default Style Sheet
pub/System/SkillsPlugin/spinner.gif 0644 Graphic image
pub/System/SkillsPlugin/main.js 0644 JS File
templates/skillsedit.tmpl 0644 Add/Edit form template
templates/skillseditall.tmpl 0644 Add/Edit form template
templates/skillssearchform.tmpl 0644 Search form template
templates/skills.tmpl 0644 Base template
templates/skillsuserview.tmpl 0644 User Skills template
templates/skillssearchresults.tmpl 0644 Search results template
templates/skillsbrowseview.tmpl 0644 Browse Skills template
templates/oopsgeneric.skills.tmpl 0644 Skills Comment template

